README.md, before:

# Virtual Keyboard

This is a hookable virtual keyboard which can be used in react applications.

![Virtual Keyboard Preview](https://github.com/Sbasu2512/virtual-keyboard/blob/master/images/virtual_keyboard.png)

# Documentation

To use it you can just import it

```js
import { VirtualKeyboard } from 'virtual-keyboard';

<VirtualKeyboard
  show={true}
  output={(key) => console.log(key)}
  onClose={() => {}}
  layoutName="default"
  changeButtonsDisplay={{
    '{bksp}': 'Backspace',
    '{enter}': 'Enter',
    '{space}': 'Space',
  }}
  anchor={document.querySelector('input')}
  ref={someRef}
/>
```
        

Props the keyboard can be passed to.

1. *show* This prop is used to show keyboard. It must be a boolean state.
Usage:
```js
const [showKeyboard, setShowKeyboard] = useState(false);
 <VirtualKeyboard
    show={showKeyboard}
    onClose={handleclose}
    anchor={
            "horizontal":350,
            "vertical": 200,
        }
 />
```

2. *output* This function captures the output from the keyboard. It needs to be a function.
Usage:
```js
const onKeyPress = (btn) => {
    console.log(btn)
}

 <VirtualKeyboard
    output={onKeyPress}
/>
```

3. *onClose* This prop is used to hide/close the keyboard. You need to pass a function which manipulates the same state. 
Usage:
```js
const [showKeyboard, setShowKeyboard] = useState(false);
 
 const handleclose = () => {
    setShowKeyboard(false);
  }

 <VirtualKeyboard
    onClose={handleclose}
 />
 ```

4. *layoutName* The layout you want, default or Upper. 
Usage:
```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        layoutName="default"
/>
 ```   

5. *changeButtonsDisplay* If you want to show certain buttons in a more user friendly way. It need to be an object as shown in the example.
```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        changeButtonsDisplay={{'bksp': 'backspace',
                                'enter': '< enter',
                                '@': 'at',
                                "space":"spacebar"
                              }}
  />
```

6. *anchor* The position where the keyboard will show up. It can be numbers or pixels.
Usage
```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        anchor={
            "horizontal":350,
            "vertical": 200,
        }
  />
  ```
 or
 ```js
 anchor={document.querySelector('input')}
 ```

# Installation

```bash
npm install @sayantan2512/react-virtual-keyboard
```

Commit message:

added title prop, updated read me and introduced changelog for better documentation - 0.0.7

README.md, after:

# Virtual Keyboard

This is a hookable virtual keyboard which can be used in react applications.

![Virtual Keyboard Preview](https://github.com/Sbasu2512/virtual-keyboard/blob/master/images/virtual_keyboard.png)

## Documentation

To use it you can just import it

```js
import { VirtualKeyboard } from 'virtual-keyboard';

<VirtualKeyboard
  show={true}
  output={(key) => console.log(key)}
  onClose={() => {}}
  layoutName="default"
  changeButtonsDisplay={{
    '{bksp}': 'Backspace',
    '{enter}': 'Enter',
    '{space}': 'Space',
  }}
  anchor={document.querySelector('input')}
  ref={someRef}
/>
```

Props the keyboard can be passed to.

1. *show* This prop is used to show keyboard. It must be a boolean state.
Usage:

```js
const [showKeyboard, setShowKeyboard] = useState(false);
 <VirtualKeyboard
    show={showKeyboard}
    onClose={handleclose}
    anchor={
            "horizontal":350,
            "vertical": 200,
        }
 />
```

2. *output* This function captures the output from the keyboard. It needs to be a function.
Usage:

```js
const onKeyPress = (btn) => {
    console.log(btn)
}

 <VirtualKeyboard
    output={onKeyPress}
/>
```

3. *onClose* This prop is used to hide/close the keyboard. You need to pass a function which manipulates the same state.
Usage:

```js
const [showKeyboard, setShowKeyboard] = useState(false);
 
 const handleclose = () => {
    setShowKeyboard(false);
  }

 <VirtualKeyboard
    onClose={handleclose}
 />
 ```

4. *layoutName* The layout you want, default or Upper.
Usage:

```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        layoutName="default"
/>
 ```

5. *changeButtonsDisplay* If you want to show certain buttons in a more user friendly way. It need to be an object as shown in the example.

```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        changeButtonsDisplay={{'bksp': 'backspace',
                                'enter': '< enter',
                                '@': 'at',
                                "space":"spacebar"
                              }}
  />
```

6. *anchor* The position where the keyboard will show up. It can be numbers or pixels.
Usage

```js
<VirtualKeyboard
        anchor={
            "horizontal":350,
            "vertical": 200,
        }
  />
  ```

 or

 ```js
 anchor={document.querySelector('input')}
 ```

7. *title*: If user wants to show any title for the keyboard
Usage

```js
<VirtualKeyboard
  title={My Keyboard}
/>
```

## Installation

```bash
npm install @sayantan2512/react-virtual-keyboard
```

## Contact

For feature requests, bug reports, or any other inquiries regarding this project, please open an issue on the official GitHub repository:

[Issues](https://github.com/Sbasu2512/virtual-keyboard/issues)

We appreciate your feedback and will review all submissions diligently.
